Initial documentation review: getting-started (#303)
egil/bUnit: docs/site/docs/test-doubles/emulating-ijsruntime.md

// SetResult() is not used in this case since InvokeVoidAsync
// only completes or throws, it doesn’t return a value.
// Any calls to InvokeVoidAsync(...) up till this point will

> // have received an incomplete Task which the component 
> // is likely waiting until the call to SetCompleted() below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// have received an incomplete Task which the component 
// is awaiting until the call to SetCompleted() below.
```

> // have received an incomplete Task which the component 
> // is likely waiting until the call to SetCompleted() below.
> plannedInvocation.SetCompleted();
> ```
> [__AP: In the above comment, last line,  I feel there should be something after 'waiting', but not quite sure what.__]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// have received an incomplete Task which the component 
// is awaiting until the call to SetCompleted() below.
plannedInvocation.SetCompleted();
```
```

> [__AP: In the above comment, last line,  I feel there should be something after 'waiting', but not quite sure what.__]

> [__AP: In the above comment, last line,  I feel there should be something after 'waiting', but not quite sure what.__]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
